merge file structure with overview section (#739)
collective/icalendar: docs/usage.rst

- :rfc:`9073` - Event Publishing Extensions to iCalendar
- :rfc:`9253` - Support for iCalendar Relationships

iCalendar File structure

> --------------

Reviewer: In reStructuredText, the underline length must match that of its heading.

```suggestion
------------------------
```

> An iCalendar file is a text file (utf-8) with a special format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An iCalendar file is a text file with UTF-8 character encoding in a special format.
```

It consists of **content lines**,

> with each content line defining a property that has 3 parts: name, parameters and value. Parameters are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with each content line defining a property that has 3 parts: name, parameters, and values. Parameters are optional.
```

> Example 1: a simple content line (with only name and value)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1: a simple content line, with only name and value.
```

>   BEGIN:VCALENDAR

Reviewer: For each example, the default lexer is Python by virtue of the preceding line's `::`, but should be text. Would you please update each example with this pattern, replacing `::` with `.`, inserting the `code-block` directive, and indenting by four spaces the code example?

```suggestion
.. code-block:: text

    BEGIN:VCALENDAR
```

Author: Done!

Example 2: a content line with parameters::

  ATTENDEE;CN=Max Rasmussen;ROLE=REQ-PARTICIPANT:MAILTO:example@example.com

The parts in this example are::

  Name:   ATTENDEE
  Params: CN=Max Rasmussen;ROLE=REQ-PARTICIPANT
  Value:  MAILTO:example@example.com

> Note: Long content lines are usually "folded" to less than 75 characters (the

Reviewer: Change to active from passive voice.

```suggestion
For long content lines, iCalendar usually "folds" them to less than 75 characters.
```

> package takes care of this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> On a higher level, you can think of iCalendar files structured as having components and sub components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a higher level, you can think of iCalendar files' structure as having components and subcomponents.
```

A component will have properties with values. The values
have special types, like integer, text, and datetime. These values are

> encoded in a special text format in an iCalendar file. This package contains methods for converting to and from these encodings.

Reviewer: I've never been a fan of arbitrary line wrapping in narrative documentation, but if we're going to do that, then we should be consistent.

Narrative documentation is not code, and we're no longer constrained by 80-character terminal sessions over dial-up modems when editing. To me, it makes more sense to have one sentence per line, eliminating the need for line wrapping and making for easier review of diffs, but I won't push for it.

Author: Agreed either way it should be consistent. Are you OK with creating a separate issue to discuss the line wrapping in the docs?

Example 1: this is a VCALENDAR component representing a calendar::

  BEGIN:VCALENDAR
  ... vcalendar properties ...
  END:VCALENDAR

Example 2: The most frequent subcomponent to a VCALENDAR component is a VEVENT. This is a VCALENDAR component with a nested VEVENT subcomponent::

  BEGIN:VCALENDAR
  ... vcalendar properties ...
  BEGIN:VEVENT
  ... vevent properties ...
  END:VEVENT
  END:VCALENDAR

Components
----------

> Note: The code snippets remainder of the docs will use these important imports::

Reviewer: `pycon` is the Pygments Python console lexer. See https://pygments.org/languages/.

```suggestion
The remaining code snippets in the documentation will use the following important imports.

.. code-block:: pycon
```
